[CUBRIDMAN-298] [EN] [KO] 매뉴얼 구조 정리와 프로시저 등록에 대한 설명 강화 (#643)
CUBRID/cubrid-manual: en/pl/index.rst

:meta-keywords: cubrid pl, cubrid procedural language, cubrid server programming, cubrid pl/csql, cubrid jsp, cubrid method

> :meta-description: CUBRID supports to develop stored functions and procedures. This chapter describes an introduction to CUBRID PL system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:meta-description: CUBRID supports the development of stored functions and procedures. This chapter describes an introduction to CUBRID PL system
```

This chapter introduces the procedural language extension features provided by CUBRID to develop stored procedures and functions.

CUBRID supports stored procedures and stored functions as procedural language extension features.

> Stored procedures and stored functions help handle complex business logic that is difficult to implement with SQL alone and make data manipulation easier to perform.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Stored procedures and functions help handle complex business logic that is difficult to implement with SQL alone and simplify data manipulation tasks.
```

They offer the following major advantages:

* Productivity and Usability: Once created, stored procedures and stored functions can be reused repeatedly. Users can call them from SQL and also invoke them easily from applications using JDBC.
* Performance: Since stored procedures and functions run on the database server, they reduce network traffic and enhance the performance of the database server.

> * Security: Stored procedures can be granted execution permissions to specific users, enabling fine-grained control over data access and modification.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Security: Stored procedures can be granted execution privileges to specific users, enabling fine-grained control over data access and modification.
```

Reviewer 2: 하단에 있는 "permission"보단 privlege로 변경 하는 것이 어떠할까요?

A privilege grants a user or role the ability to perform a specific authorized task. Permission, however, refers to the context in which the task is being performed.
